Add Chainstack v2.2 release notes (#315)
chainstack/docs: docs/release-notes.md

# Release notes

## Chainstack 2.2

*January 19, 2021*

### What's new

* **Private hosting**. Connect your Chainstack organization to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), and use your EKS clusters to host your blockchain nodes and networks. 

> * **AWS US East region**. You can now deploy your nodes and networks in the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions" target="_blank">AWS US East, Northern Virginia</a> region.

Reviewer: Please spell out the full name for AWS.

> * **AWS US East region**. You can now deploy your nodes and networks in the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions" target="_blank">AWS US East, Northern Virginia</a> region.

Reviewer: Links to non-Chainstack resources must be in markdown format.

# Release notes

## Chainstack 2.2

> *January 25, 2021*

Reviewer 2: Apparently

```suggestion
*January 22, 2021*
```

### What's new

> * **Private hosting**. Connect your Chainstack organization to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), and use your EKS clusters to host your blockchain nodes and networks. 

Reviewer 2: "Connect your Chainstack organization to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service" sounds weird

```suggestion
* **Private hosting**. You can now your own Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) infrastructure to deploy blockchain nodes and networks on Chainstack.
```
